# AI development Workflow comparison
For the vague prompt I saw that Claude AI was able to design a fairly complete settings page, containing spots to add your public information, methods of reach (like email) and notifications (SMS, email and push). It also build a password creation tab for validation, this tab contains a character counter, password requirements like password length limiter. This shows that Claude AI was able to create all of this without being given any precise comments on what it should do. If you add empty fields in this product of Claude’s work you get a “Full name required” message for example. Same goes for the email. It can validate an email address as when I simply typed random letters it did not accept it, but it instantly identified my own personal email address. All the buttons and shifters like the one for the theme and the notification toggles work. However, I found a bug. When you press “save changes”, the theme changes by itself. For the more specific prompt, it had a rather similar visual to the result of the vague prompt. However, the development process and the implementation details differed. For the vague prompt Claude decided on its own what features to include and which not to. While, the specific prompt had requirements to meet like, validation, accessibility and testing. The more specific prompt produced a clearer verification process with 36 checks preformed against the validation and form behavior. This experiment showed that vague prompts can produce acceptable and understandable results, however specific prompts produced more controlled results. Also, although going with a vague prompt can be a good choice sometimes. If you have a specific vision in mind it is usually not the choice to go with. This is because as I saw in the two outcomes the vague prompt had some glitches where the specific one did not.
